cloud: update netlify doc (#12746)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/integrate-tidbcloud-with-netlify.md

[Netlify](https://netlify.com/) is an all-in-one platform for automating modern web projects. It replaces your hosting infrastructure, continuous integration, and deployment pipeline with a single workflow and integrates dynamic functionality like serverless functions, user authentication, and form handling as your projects grow.

This guide will tell you how to deploy a fullstack app on Netlify with TiDB Cloud as database backend.

## Prerequisites

Before connecting, make sure the following prerequisites are met.

### A Netlify account and CLI

> You are expected to have an account and a site in Netlify. If you do not have any, refer to the following links to create one:

Reviewer: not a site but CLI

Author: Fixed.

```shell
git clone https://github.com/${your_username}/nextjs-prisma-example.git
cd nextjs-prisma-example/
```

### Get TiDB Cloud database connection string

<SimpleTab>
<div label="TiDB Cloud CLI">

> **Note:**
>
> Only **Serverless Tier** can get Prisma connection string from TiDB Cloud CLI. If your database is Dedicated Tier, please use TiDB Cloud console to get.
>

```shell
ticloud cluster connect-info
```

Then, follow the prompts to select your cluster and system and select Prisma as client.

```
Choose the cluster
> [x] Cluster0(13796194496)
Choose the client
> [x] Prisma
Choose the operating system
> [x] macOS/Alpine (Detected)

datasource db {
  provider = "mysql"
  url      = "mysql://<User>:<Password>@<Endpoint>:<Port>/<Database>?sslaccept=strict"
}
```

> **Note:**
> 
> Don't forget to replace the parameters in the connection string.
> 
> This example must create a new database, so replace `<Database>` with a name that doesn't exist.

The output is the connection string for Prisma connecting to TiDB Cloud.

For more information about TiDB Cloud CLI, see [TiDB Cloud CLI Reference](./cli-reference.md).

</div>
<div label="TiDB Cloud console">

> Navigate to [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/). Get the following connection parameters `${host}`, `${port}`, and `${user}` from the connection string in the [**Connect**](/tidb-cloud/connect-via-standard-connection.md) dialog and fill them into the following connection string.

Reviewer: no password? And in the connection string, better use host instead of endpoint.

Author: @zhangyangyu Thanks for your review. I have added `password` and used `host` instead of `endpoint`.

    ```
   
    Check your environment variables.

    ```shell
    # set on your own space
    env | grep DATABASE_URL
       
    # set on Netlify space 
    netlify env:list
    ```

4. Build application locally and migrate schema to TiDB Cloud cluster.

    > **Tips:**
    > 
    > If you want to direct deploy on Netlify instead of own space, you can skip to step 6: Deploy site.

    ```shell
    npm install .
    npm run netlify-build
    ```

5. Run application locally. You can start a local development server to preview your site.

    ```shell
    netlify dev
    ```

    Then, navigate to http://localhost:3000/ in your browser to explore its UI.

6. Deploy site. Once you're satisfied with the preview, you can deploy your site to Netlify using the following command.`--trigger` means deploy without uploading local files. If you make any changes, don't forget to commit them to your GitHub repository first.

    ```shell
    netlify deploy --prod --trigger
    ```
    
    Go to your Netlify console to check deploying statement. After deploying done, your site will have a public ip provided by Netlify so that everyone can access it.

> ## Conclusion

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Summary
```

Author: 好的，我将删除结论章节。

> This article describes how to deploy a next.js project in Netlify and connect to TiDB Cloud as a data storage service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document shows you how to deploy a next.js project in Netlify and connect to TiDB Cloud as a data storage service.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: L31 的逗号似乎应该改成句号？没法加 comment。
For Dedicated Tier clusters, make sure that the traffic filter of the cluster allows all IP addresses (set to `0.0.0.0/0`) for connection. This is because Netlify deployments use dynamic IP addresses.

### Fork the example project and clone it to your own space

1. Fork the [Fullstack Example with Next.js and Prisma](https://github.com/tidbcloud/nextjs-prisma-example) repository to your own GitHub repository.

2. Clone the forked repository to your own space:

    ```shell
    git clone https://github.com/${your_username}/nextjs-prisma-example.git
    cd nextjs-prisma-example/
    ```

### Get the TiDB Cloud connection string

For a Serverless Tier cluster, you can get the connection string either from [TiDB Cloud CLI](/tidb-cloud/cli-reference.md) or from [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/). For a Dedicated Tier cluster, you can get the connection string only from the TiDB Cloud console.

<SimpleTab>
<div label="TiDB Cloud CLI">

> **Tip:**
>
> If you have not installed Cloud CLI, refer to [TiDB Cloud CLI Quick Start](/tidb-cloud/get-started-with-cli.md) for quick installation before taking the following steps.

1. Get the connection string of a cluster in interactive mode:

    ```shell
    ticloud cluster connect-info
    ```

> 2. Follow the prompts to select your cluster and system, and then select `Prisma` as the client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Follow the prompts to select your cluster, client, and operating system. Note that the client used in this document is `Prisma`.

    ```
    Choose the cluster
    > [x] Cluster0(13796194496)
    Choose the client
    > [x] Prisma
    Choose the operating system
    > [x] macOS/Alpine (Detected)
    ```

    The output is as follows, where you can find the connection string for Prisma in the `url` value.

    ```
    datasource db {
    provider = "mysql"
    url      = "mysql://<User>:<Password>@<Endpoint>:<Port>/<Database>?sslaccept=strict"
    }
    ```

    > **Note:**
    >
    > When you use the connection string later, note the following:
    >
    > - Replace the parameters in the connection string with actual values.

>     > - The example app in this document requires a new database, so you need to replace `<Database>` with a name that does not exist.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    > - The example app in this document requires a new database, so you need to replace `<Database>` with a unique new name.
```

</div>
<div label="TiDB Cloud console">

1. Navigate to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), and get the following connection parameters from the connection string in the [**Connect**](/tidb-cloud/connect-via-standard-connection.md) dialog.

    - `${host}`
    - `${port}`
    - `${user}`
    - `${password}`

2. Fill the connection parameters in the following connection string:

    ```
    mysql://<User>:<Password>@<Host>:<Port>/<Database>?sslaccept=strict
    ```

    > **Note:**
    >
    > When you use the connection string later, note the following:
    >
    > - Replace the parameters in the connection string with actual values.

>     > - The example app in this document requires a new database, so you need to replace `<Database>` with a name that does not exist.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    > - The example app in this document requires a new database, so you need to replace `<Database>` with a unique new name.
```

    ```shell
    # set the environment variable for your own space
    export DATABASE_URL='mysql://<User>:<Password>@<Endpoint>:<Port>/<Database>?sslaccept=strict'

    # set the environment variable for the Netlify space
    netlify env:set DATABASE_URL 'mysql://<User>:<Password>@<Endpoint>:<Port>/<Database>?sslaccept=strict'
    ```

    Check your environment variables.

    ```shell
    # check the environment variable for your own space
    env | grep DATABASE_URL

    # check the environment variable for the Netlify space
    netlify env:list
    ```

4. Build the app locally and migrate the schema to your TiDB Cloud cluster.

    > **Tips:**
    >
    > If you want to skip the local deployment and directly deploy the app to Netlify, just go to step 6.

    ```shell
    npm install .
    npm run netlify-build
    ```

5. Run the application locally. You can start a local development server to preview your site.

    ```shell
    netlify dev
    ```

    Then, go to `http://localhost:3000/` in your browser to explore its UI.

> 6. Deploy the app on Netlify. Once you are satisfied with the local preview, you can deploy your site to Netlify using the following command. `--trigger` means deployment without uploading local files. If you made any local changes, make sure that you have committed them to your GitHub repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Deploy the app to Netlify. Once you are satisfied with the local preview, you can deploy your site to Netlify using the following command. `--trigger` means deployment without uploading local files. If you made any local changes, make sure that you have committed them to your GitHub repository.
```

    ```shell
    netlify deploy --prod --trigger
    ```

>     Go to your Netlify console to check the deployment state. After the deployment is done, the site for the app will have a public IP provided by Netlify so that everyone can access it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Go to your Netlify console to check the deployment state. After the deployment is done, the site for the app will have a public IP address provided by Netlify so that everyone can access it.
```
